# HPCC-Hackathon

## Problem Statement
To design a weighted mechanism to match youth to mentoring families. Weights are provided on the scale of 0 to 5 with 5 being the maximum or most favouring. A number of fields act as parameters in matching a youth with their set of best mentors. A score is to be calculated for each mentor by considering the input from youth and the weight for that field specified by the mentor. The mentor with the highest score is matched with the youth and a list of eligible mentors is to be displayed for that particular youth. In case a mentor has specified 0 weight for a particular field and the youth specifies it as a requirement, the mentor is to be eliminated. For example, if the gender specified by the youth is male but the weight for gender_male is 0 for a mentor, that mentor is considered ineligible to be matched with the youth irrespective of the mentor's score. Another deciding factor is the distance that should be calculated from the latitude and longitude that is provided from the youth. Mentors should be eliminated incase the calculated distance exceeds that of the limit entered by youth. Mentors from same city as youth having distance 0 can be considered. Also, if a youth doesn't provide information for a particular field (N/A), it should be verified and be placed under Human Review. A list of fields coming under human review is to be displayed when the youth submits the form. Any invalid inputs or no inputs to required fields must be handled by displaying an error message accordingly.
